[uss_qualifier] Document DSS interoperability test as uss_qualifier test scenario (#884)
interuss/dss: monitoring/uss_qualifier/scenarios/astm/netrid/v19/dss_interoperability.md

# ASTM F3411-19 NetRID DSS interoperability test scenario

## Overview

The test scenario in this folder verifies that two DSS instances implementing
the API required by ASTM F3411-19 in a shared DSS region  interoperate
correctly.  This is generally accomplished by performing an  operation on one
DSS instance and then verifying that the results are visible  in the other
instance.  Neither of the two DSS instances need to be an InterUSS Platform
implementation.

## Resources

### dss_instances

> An astm.f3411.DSSInstance containing at least two DSS instances complying with ASTM F3411-19.  The first instance is the "Primary DSS" instance and the other instances are the "Other DSS" instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of astm.f3411.DSSInstance containing at least two DSS instance complying with ASTM F3411-19.  The first instance is the "Primary DSS" instance and the other instances are the "Other DSS" instances.
```
